Let's get into another developer fundamental and that is pros and cons of libraries.
You want to be careful with packages because it's not always good to use them.
Now what do I mean by that.
Well these packages are created by developers and programmers.
You can have people that are creating really really good packages but also people that are creating
bad packages that may be buggy and don't work well.
So you have to develop that skill to make sure you're able to see hey this package is really popular
or this package is being maintained or this library is really popular with the community so most likely
it's a good package to use.
So this is a skill that you need to develop also keep in mind that every time you add a library to let's
say your project you're adding more and more code which means more and more bytes of data.
So your project gets heavier and heavier and heavier.
So that's also something that you want to consider before you're importing a library ask yourself this
could I just write this myself.
You usually want to pull in a library when writing something from scratch yourself is going to be really
time consuming and you don't have the expertise in that area.
At the same time it's what makes programming so powerful.
Right.
Because we don't have to start everything from scratch.
And most of the time when you're working as a developer what you're doing is essentially matching and
pulling in different libraries and getting them to all work together.
A lot of your work is going to involve working with these libraries reading the documentation of these
libraries and figuring things out as you go as you try and build a useful tool by combining everything
together.
So there's pros and cons to everything.
And this is just something that you will develop as you progress to your career.
Just keep an open mind.
Be careful of using just any library but also learn to read library documentation learn how to use all
these different tools to combine to create something useful I'll see in the next video.
Bob.